DOC-865: Rework and reorder changelog entries to group similar items (#7155)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Added a new `language` menu item and toolbar button to add `lang` attributes to content, with an accompanying `content_langs` setting to specify the languages available #TINY-6149
- A new `lang` format is now available that can be used with `editor.formatter`, or applied with the `Lang` editor command #TINY-6149
- Added a new `language` icon for the `language` toolbar button #TINY-7670
- Added a new `table-row-numbering` icon #TINY-7327
- Added new plugin commands: `mceEmoticons` (Emoticons), `mceWordCount` (Word Count), and `mceTemplate` (Template) #TINY-7619
- Added a new `iframe_aria_text` setting to set the iframe title attribute #TINY-1264
- Added a new DomParser `Node.children()` API to return all the children of a `Node` #TINY-7756

### Improved
- Sticky toolbars can now be offset from the top of the page using the new `toolbar_sticky_offset` setting #TINY-7337
- Fancy menu items now accept an `initData` property to allow custom initialization data #TINY-7480
- Improved the load time of the `fullpage` plugin by using the existing editor schema rather than creating a new one #TINY-6504
- Improved the performance when UI components are rendered #TINY-7572

> - When scrolling, the context toolbar will remain where it was previously for large elements, such as tables #TINY-7545

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When scrolling, context toolbars will not reposition unneccessarily for large elements, instead remaining where they are if the position is valid
```
???? not exactly what I was thinking earlier, but along the same lines

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The context toolbar will no longer unnecessarily reposition to the top of large elements when scrolling #TINY-7545
```

- The `autolink` plugin valid link detection has been improved #TINY-7714

### Changed
- Changed the load order so content CSS is loaded before the editor is populated with content #TINY-7249
- Changed the `emoticons`, `wordcount`, `code`, `codesample`, and `template` plugins to open dialogs using commands #TINY-7619
- The context toolbar will no longer show an arrow when it overlaps the content, such as in table cells #TINY-7665
- The context toolbar will no longer overlap the statusbar for toolbars using `node` or `selection` positions #TINY-7666

### Fixed
- The `editor.fire` API was incorrectly mutating the original `args` provided #TINY-3254
- Unbinding an event handler did not take effect immediately while the event was firing #TINY-7436
- Binding an event handler incorrectly took effect immediately while the event was firing #TINY-7436
- Unbinding a native event handler inside the `remove` event caused an exception that blocked editor removal #TINY-7730
- The `SetContent` event contained the incorrect `content` when using the `editor.selection.setContent()` API #TINY-3254
- The editor content could be edited after calling `setProgressState(true)` in iframe mode #TINY-7373

> - Tabbing out of the editor after calling `setProgressState(true)` was inconsistent in iframe mode #TINY-7373

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tabbing out of the editor after calling `setProgressState(true)` behaved inconsistently in iframe mode #TINY-7373
```
maybe?

- The `TableModified` event was not fired when pasting cells into a table #TINY-6939
- The table paste column before and after icons were not flipped in RTL mode #TINY-7851
- Fixed table corruption when deleting a `contenteditable="false"` cell #TINY-7891
- The `dir` attribute was being incorrectly applied to list items #TINY-4589
- Applying selector formats would sometimes not apply the format correctly to elements in a list #TINY-7393
- For formats that specify an attribute or style that should be removed, the formatter `match` API incorrectly returned `false` #TINY-6149
- The type signature on the `formatter.matchNode` API had the wrong return type (was `boolean` but should have been `Formatter | undefined`) #TINY-6149
- The `formatter.formatChanged` API would ignore the `similar` parameter if another callback had already been registered for the same format #TINY-7713
- The `formatter.formatChanged` API would sometimes not run the callback the first time the format was removed #TINY-7713
- Base64 encoded images with spaces or line breaks in the data URI were not displayed correctly. Patch contributed by RoboBurned

> ### Deprecated

Reviewer: for the line below:

Hm. spellchecker was actually deprecated in 5.4 I think, though we must have only mentioned it in docs + blogposts. This work was where we added a console log. But still, not sure this changelog entry is technically correct based on that?
